---
layout: post
title:  "Brochure"
date:   2017-09-08
excerpt: "This was a group effort where I designed the brochure according to Gestalt principles I learned about in Document Design."
project: true
tag:
- School Work
comments: false
---

This was a group effort where I designed the brochure according to Gestalt principles I learned about in Document Design. While not technically an assignment from Document Design, I used skills learned from the course to complete and refine this project. The primary audience was community members of Green Springs, and the purpose was to persuade them to vote to allow residents to use grey water. 

The color palette came from names of both grey water (gray) and the fictitious Green Springs (green). Similarly, green carries connotations of being environmentally friendly. While a little on the nose, quickly selecting colors allowed me to concentrate on the design. I opted to create a traditional 3-fold brochure because the kinds of people who would read a brochure on voting in local ordinances would prefer something familiar to something they perceive as excessively designed. Once I knew the format, the conventions fell into place. 

The front panel attempts to grab the readers’ attention while providing a strong call to action while the back panel has a minimal design with contact information. The inner panel is filled with quickly digestible information because most people will immediately open the brochure to get to the main content. Headers and lines help provide a hieratical structure for the inside of the document while the icons build credibility by feeding the readers' ethos by using supporting symbols. I also used large numbers to help break up otherwise dense text in the FAQ section.   

{% capture images %}
  http://i1125.photobucket.com/albums/l588/CodyJosephTerreClark/Brochure-Final%201-page-002.jpg
  http://i1125.photobucket.com/albums/l588/CodyJosephTerreClark/Brochure-Final%201-page-001.jpg
{% endcapture %}
{% include gallery images=images caption="Brochure" cols=2 %}
