---
layout: post
title:  "About Me"
date:   2017-09-07
excerpt: "The first project for Document Design was a self reflection to introduce ourselves to to the professor but also to make us think about ourselves to visualize our career pursuits."
project: true
tag:
- School Work
comments: false
---

The first project for Document Design was a self reflection to introduce myself to to the professor. However, it was also a way to reflect to visualize my career pursuits more conretely. This project made me think about how I wanted to portray my personal brand. 

Even though I was in an academic setting, I decided to use a more conversational tone to both show my personality and give the professor an idea of the environments where I'd be interested in working. The assignment itself was more of a letter or narritive essay, and while I did write it that way, I also included an easily paletable fact sheet so the professor could more quickly get a sense of who I am. While I continued on for 9 pages for the project, I decided to just just include the fact sheet in my portfolio. I prefer to use my stories and experiences I incluided in the assignment in interviews, anyway.  

In addition to writing about myself, I also had to use an image to represent me. I ended up choosing a logo I created during my undergraduate years. Back in those days I was really into coffee and figured out a way to make almost every project about coffee. Intructions? How To Use The Hamilton Beach 2-Way Brewer. White Paper? Fairtrade Coffee isn't Enough. I decided to put my initials, which also happens to be the first letter of coffee inside a coffee stain. Admittedly, all of my coffee writing samples have left my portfolio to make space for real-world projects so the thematic continuity isn't as strong, but it still represents a fond, simpler time for me.  

{% capture images %}
  http://i1125.photobucket.com/albums/l588/CodyJosephTerreClark/aboutme.jpg
{% endcapture %}
{% include gallery images=images caption="Test images" cols=1 %}
